[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet sophie
my name is karsten
well we have some new places we need to
explore but there is one thing i would
like to do
[Music]
don't have a crimson stone or star
powder i think i saw star powder
at some point well no probably not
because it's
grayed out
but what i need to do
is i should probably make some of these
other things as well
but this now that i know i have a source
of natural oil
sorry about that there we go
now that i know i can just buy some
natural oil
i can go ahead and make this we'll just
use the generic ones for right now
um
[Music]
not really caring too much about what we
do here
is this really okay which cauldron is
bad
okay then let's start
all right this is going well
and let's see what are these those are
three by three
[Music]
do that
and probably there
[Music]
and that one and
that
[Music]
doesn't quite get up to 150 but that's
okay not really caring too much about
this at the moment
actually i bet we can
i think something good will happen
[Music]
this goes here
and maybe that one there this is going
well
[Music]
and that is this really okay that's up
to 140.
it's still not 150 but that's okay it's
not that big a deal
all right i'll finish it now
[Music]
so we finally made some of that what
trades to transfer
stable effect is good quality up is
definitely good
[Music]
maybe enhanced last okay it's finished
we do need to grind out some more
alchemy items
[Music]
anyway
let's go ahead and make some of these
is this which cauldron is back okay then
let's start
[Music]
so let's see well none of these are
white
and ideally i should be using white
materials for all this
but i don't think if if it does matter
for things that don't have bars there if
anyone knows this is good
yeah let me know because i'm just
assuming it doesn't and just kind of
placing these
for the heck of it what traits should i
add
now let's see that's good
maybe
[Music]
hp enhanced and
maybe fixed recovery sure
yeah got another alchemy level out of
that
which materials we'll make some of this
too
we'll just use the generic ones here
uh sure
will this go well
okay i'll try it
now that uses red so
that's yellow
[Music]
all right we'll do that
those are both three by three so
[Music]
and for that one
i guess there
[Music]
can't get it up to 150 without playing
around a whole lot more than i feel like
uh let's see maybe quality up
and electrified sure
[Music]
maybe
[Applause]
[Music]
what else haven't i made yet that i can
don't have spirit tears i need to go to
that
i don't know if spirit tears are there
but i need to go
to the
oh that forest
[Music]
and which materials one of these
speed enhance is speed by
seven speed boost is what five ten
okay so speed boost is better i think
i'll do the speed enhance
maybe i'll stat enhance that one's nice
now i think i'll do
[Music]
i think i'll do that
let's go ahead and sort these by uh
category value
level sapphire did i need that for
anything i might need that for something
[Music]
mp boost
do i have blue for any of these it
doesn't look like i do
so we'll just use one of these things
that i made
okay i'll try it so let's
put this one
here one sec
i'll try this here and let's put this
one up here
oh that one's a t shape so maybe we
should
we'll do that and then we can put this
one
here actually
[Music]
do that and then
there will this go well
doesn't quite get up on that second item
but that's okay
now what traits to transfer is this okay
okay it's finished
[Music]
i have to check what some of those
traits or one of those uh
effects do
[Music]
i don't have two crystal balls
i think that's okay for right now
now if we look in here
what does what do these two
[Music]
swaps hp and mp
okay increases item power
and reduces wait time after shorten
after using items
um yeah we can give sophie that her hp
and mp are
always mostly equivalent anyway so
that's not that big a deal
uh
it does reduce your lp and attack and
defense a little
[Applause]
reduces damage by eight percent
um
[Music]
and that's increases all stats by a lot
i think i'll swap it out for that
[Applause]
now let's go ahead and head to the world
map
[Music]
where do you intend to go next let's
take a look
up here
[Music]
now there's something we're supposed to
do here with a request
look over there
[Music]
get some of the lp back that we've been
using up
[Music]
so they probably have one or the other
these type of enemies
hmm
[Music]
ah there's some
just fight like we usually do didn't
quite catch them but
let's see what are they at 6 14 okay
i wonder if i can
go to
i can't check the encyclopedia entry on
these guys well we're in the fight
but we'll go ahead and start with
increased base damage
[Music]
multi-spinning shovel that'll hit
everyone
and go ahead and do rainshot
[Music]
maintaining the offense
well that was a little bit painful but
not too bad
[Music]
looks like they get shielded and healed
so that's good
okay yeah we'll just attack
we can get these guys taken care of no
[Music]
problem
broke a sweat there that was a nice
chunk of xp
i just realized did i remember to
use ability no i have not given these
guys better abilities
so we can upgrade these
we might upgrade that one
[Music]
increases base damage and on this layer
healing skills does she even have him
well she has that
uh res
[Music]
let's do
got a shield and brave
soul
now for oscar
relaxing irritants a miracle herb
spinning shovel meteor
increases base damage in plants layer
increases all stats proportional maximum
lp and increases maximum lp
that increases all the stats by 15.
that's nice
let's do that
[Music]
that says aoe skill so let's go ahead
and upgrade that
i think it just makes it stronger but
that's okay
[Music]
protected place
what do we have here
elixir base can be synthesized all right
[Music]
now what are these guys over here doing
those are wolves i've had bad luck with
wolves
i don't think i want to fight those guys
right now
let's check the other area here
[Music]
stage of fairies
some more of these things
i'm not sure how strong you guys are
let's find out
oh no you guys are nothing
that bomb will probably finish them off
[Music]
just about they hardly put up a fight
yeah not even worth using the bomb on
probably
[Music]
let's head back here
wait hang on there's something over here
oh dear all right let's take these guys
out quick
i was not expecting a boss
we should be able to handle this
[Music]
uh let's see
how many's can i hit it once looks like
three we'll do that
and rain shots
[Music]
time to clean things up i've only hit
one of them now because
maintaining the awesome the target
got killed
that's not too bad
gotcha
yeah we should be able to handle this
uh go ahead and do rain shot again
[Music]
let's finish things off next turn if
they aren't finished off this turn
and they'll probably be finished off
this turn there we go
that wasn't too bad
[Music]
fairy cauldron what does fairy cauldron
do
[Music]
um
fairy cauldron
can't see what it does quite yet
probably you'll have to go back to the
atlear to find out
[Music]
some good quality materials here
let's give you a shot
and then we'll probably head back after
this
that's the only bomb i have left
[Applause]
but it's pretty effective
[Music]
that was a piece of cake yeah that was
easy
[Music]
another jacket
and yeah we'll definitely have to head
back because i can't carry anymore
let's see what is not that great
[Music]
maybe that
yeah that's pretty pathetic all right
let's head back since we're full up
anyway
elixir base can now make that fairy
cauldron
so can i look at
when material is placed the synthesis
bonuses all eight directions around it
become the same color
oh
[Music]
that's interesting
i'll have to fiddle around and see if i
can make an awesome version of that
because
that's pretty awesome
[Music]
if i plan things out right that can be
pretty awesome
[Music]
[Applause]
oh and i can make okay
what should i make
or at least i know how to make let's see
if i can make
that uh elixir base oh yeah
easy let's see
that that
it's for a plot item so
[Music]
nothing spectacular here
i do have sun powder okay
[Music]
um hmm actually not that many
so these are elixir type items i should
get more sun powder
i can use that one which cauldron is
best
okay then let's start
[Music]
yeah this is going great yeah this is
going
[Music]
this is great this is great
i think something good will happen
yeah this is good yeah this is good
[Music]
got another level
[Applause]
now does that let me make or do i need
another
[Music]
i still need spirit tiers for that not
sure what that is but i can make fertile
soil should i choose
um
[Music]
will this go wow which culture okay i'll
try it
[Music]
all right this looks great
let's go all right i'll finish it now
now
what trades did so don't doesn't matter
here let's do
critical light
fixed power sure
[Music]
spirit tears
do i know anything about these
no don't know category or anything else
[Music]
let's go deliver the fertile soil to
oscar though
here you go oscar
oscar i made the fertilizer oh really
let me see
huh why are you sniffing it
if i smell it i can pretty much tell
what's in it yeah this seems like good
stuff
i'll test it out when i get home really
okay please try it yeah just leave it to
me
[Music]
alright
i guess that's a weight again
[Music]
so let's see
did he ever tell me exactly where that
monster was
[Music]
no
i'm just talking to people here
no okay let's go into the cafe
[Music]
welcome hey which request will you
accept
i can turn in a puny missile i don't
really use those many
much anymore
[Music]
and i can always make more if i need to
report that
[Music]
and i still don't know where to get
princess grass
actually i remember from looking around
in the encyclopedia and rereading some
of the instructions
by repeatedly fighting and gathering in
the same area
the quality of stuff goes up
so that's inverted hill
[Music]
so if we were to go to ferdinand hill we
need to pass some time anyway
where are we going
where is ferdinand hill
it's over there sophie
[Music]
i think if we repeatedly gather and
fight here
which shouldn't be easy shouldn't be too
bad
[Music]
[Applause]
this still not sure what that skip thing
does or how to skip things
whether saying skip on means skip is on
or
hitting it will turn it on or what
[Applause]
[Music]
thankfully these things are pretty weak
for my current level and equipment they
hardly put up a fight
[Music]
all right let's take these guys out
quick
wide open
[Music]
now maybe i should gather first
leave it to me time to get back to
observing plants
okay so let's go ahead and gather first
then we'll fight we'll gather until
there's nothing left together
and we'll fight until they're more
gathering points
[Music]
this should be an easy fight
although actually there's something for
running away so let's
run away i thought there was like an
idea or something
yep there we go
shouldn't be too bad and then we get
right back in the fight because the
runaway
killed my invulnerability time thanks
for that
writing the idea
that was a piece of cake thankfully
these things are still
fairly easy for me
[Music]
emergency bag
all right now we've run out of things
all right let's take these together so
let's do a couple
fights
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight
i just noticed that little gauge around
the map and i'm wondering if that has
anything to do with anything
[Music]
i'll take them all out
here i go
that was a piece of cake
[Music]
that little thing that has two lights in
it
i wonder if that has anything to do with
anything
let's fight you guys
open
time to get back to observing plants
okay okay inferior creatures
let's end this
[Music]
here i go not getting me a lot of xp or
anything but
it'll add
[Music]
was an easy up let's continue like this
got a few things out of that
[Music]
now there's three lit up i wonder if i
have to get to all five lit up in order
for those
last things to show up
i'll go there
that was an easy victory let's continue
like this
i'm going to focus on gathering
until i can't gather anymore
[Music]
then i will fight okay
shouldn't be too bad since these guys
are still
oh these guys are a little tougher
it's still not bad
[Music]
leave it to me no maybe they're
let's not like this
okay shouldn't be too bad oh
there are some other things showing up
oh that's a chimera beast
it's easier than the lightning so
[Music]
i'll go time to get back to observing
plants
yes i'm getting some fur and stuff out
of this
so we're up to three of those lights
um
[Music]
having to toss out all these materials
is going to be kind of annoying
i'll take them all out
leave it to me they hardly put up a
fight
[Music]
uh yeah
let's see
[Music]
hmm
this should be an easy fight
i ought to find some way to make a
better backpack too
maybe if i up the ferry cauldron
[Music]
oh we actually managed to get a hit in
wide open
[Music]
okay just need to toss out one here
i'll get to that
[Music]
yeah i think i might not be able to do
this effectively until i get a better
basket because this is getting
kind of annoying
yeah you know interesting as an
experiment it may be
i may just do that off screen i will let
you know
how that goes for right now let's head
back
[Music]
i did
so i'll have to see what that does okay
in fact can we see what it does without
crafting it probably
not
[Music]
is that under it's under dream recipes
we'll make one real quick
what material should i use
let's see it looks like these ones
actually are a bit better
prepared for emergency
[Music]
let's do
uh count bonus and uh
i think these are all mostly shaped
[Music]
the same
i'll do that ideally i want to stick
with yellow here
i have any of these that are yellow
yeah the gold ones we can always find
more of these
just need one
[Music]
yeah we use that one okay which cauldron
is best
i wanna try using the fairy cauldron
okay then let's start
[Music]
these are shaped like
that
this should go here so what i want to do
[Music]
all right this is going well
no let's see
since i can't rotate or anything
all right this is going well
[Music]
and i'll have to use this goes here
that and
this one
here i guess
[Music]
yeah this is going great
is this really okay okay we do have
emergency escape the next level up
whatever that does
what traits should i add
okay it's a i don't think any of these
actually matter
for this
[Music]
but we'll throw those on yeah this is
all done
so let's see emergency escape
reduces items lost by party wipe okay
well hopefully we won't need that
for right now i hope you enjoy thanks
for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is carsten
i went to do a couple things off screen
and quickly hit a cut scene so i
boarded right out of that so let's go
ahead and
we are going to do a little bit of
alchemy
and probably get hit with that cutscene
again so you can see it this time
now what i did is i needed to make
i want to improve the fairy cauldron
so to do that i found i needed to make
some alchemic clay because i'm
out which material should i choose
so what i'm going to do is just get
some
[Music]
actually what i want to do is i want to
filter
[Music]
quality up
um we'll use that one
[Music]
[Applause]
and let's see
that's
[Music]
maybe that
and one of these will this go well now
which cauldron
okay i'll try it so again
i don't think this matters really it's
going great
[Music]
all right this looks great
wow this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
this is great can we even fit that
anywhere yeah we can fit it right there
[Music]
actually we can fit it right there
not that it matters
get it up to super high quality because
why not
critical plus and
[Applause]
puny and magical creatures sure we'll do
that just in case we end up using
one of these for something else okay
it's finished
[Music]
huh what could that be yes
hey i'm coming in sophie ah oscar
huh could that be yep that's right
the haze grass grew flowers here
wow what a pretty flower but is it
really okay you worked so hard to grow
this
that's what it wanted huh the flower it
wanted to repay the person who made it
such a great fertilizer
that's what it told me the flower said
that
yeah that was its decision so i
respected that choice
that's why sophie i want you to use it
with care
oscar yeah i will thank you
thank you too i'll take good care of you
[Music]
throw you in a cauldron and turn you
into something else
uh let's see okay
so that's that
[Music]
and then i wanted to i'm not going to
spend a lot of time on it
[Music]
but i want to see
what i can do making a good fairy caller
so we want
and again we need a white metal item
oh well that's convenient
[Music]
and a codex of creation
which i don't really use
[Music]
so yeah i can do that is this really
okay
which cauldron is best
we'll use the tuned cauldron okay then
let's start
[Music]
we'll start with
that will happen
and then let's see these
are gonna go there
yeah this is going great so i'll do that
actually i will do
that it'll get overwritten
but wait no i want to do
[Music]
that this material goes here
[Applause]
and this one will
all right this is going well do
that
all right this is going well
actually no that's fine
yeah this is going great
[Music]
will that get all right rotate bonus
display 3 panel 6x6
that is what we need okay
[Music]
so that will help out
making things even easier
probably even better than the tuned
cauldron
now next up
i think what we need to do is we need to
check out some of those new areas
so let's head to the world map
where are we going
and we needed to we need to fight
something i guess the fallen palace
or the sealed temple or
husk forest city of the lost
hmm
dead tree wasteland
let's head to
forgetful stream have i even been there
i don't know if i've been there let's go
to the fallen palace i know i haven't
been there
what could that
and you need to fight some things there
[Music]
anyway
whoa hello what a pain let's end this
quickly
how tough are you enough that i should
be using an item
[Music]
probably need to make some more items
with more uses
time to clean things up
i'll continue attacking
leave it to me
[Music]
gotten catch got me
oh that wasn't too bad
[Music]
here i go great work everyone
got some xp
[Music]
all right so i think i need to fight
that demon guy there
now i need to find a blue one
and there's not a blue one with this guy
yeah we can probably take this guy down
yeah no problem that was a piece of cake
[Music]
oh hello
a lot of pathways here
what
[Music]
um
how do i okay this was
unexpected
where am i
[Music]
have i
i was not expecting to end up outside
i'm not gonna complain about these nice
materials but uh
i was not expecting that at all oh
there's
i think that's the guy i'm supposed to
fight
[Music]
just fight like we usually do
and maybe i can blind you
hey
okay we'll definitely hit you with ice
next time
[Music]
i'll continue
okay so
[Music]
i'll hit you with ice
uh let's relax in herb
her
reduce attack power maybe
i use that on sophie be fine with this
that was good
there we go and we got some advanced
points only one though
wait was that not the guy needed to
fight
that's disappointing
[Music]
all right let's go back in
oh i bet it's those guys come here
let's end this quickly yeah hell gate
these guys oh i should have healed plot
[Music]
gotcha time to get back to observing
plants
okay i shall be your opponent
uh you go ahead and relaxing herb on
plata
and everyone else just attack you'll be
fine with this
[Music]
there maintaining the offense
it's warning but that's okay i'll kill
it off before then
there we go broke a sweat there
easy enough
let's check here
where's the
oh i don't think i want to fight you
right now
um and you're guarding something
so we will not do that right now
reverse meeting room okay
[Music]
opposite living room
and we'll say that's good
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go ahead and go to
town here
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
don't have enough of the others um
i don't think i have any of that
get that get some money for that
magician's flute
so i still need to figure out
[Music]
about the magician's flute
i'll go ahead and grab that since that's
a good chunk of money
and getting all of them i think
all these items should get me some uh
vouchers
[Music]
of which i have 49.
welcome i'll see you
now you what did you need exactly
bottled misfortune do i have one of
those
[Music]
i can make one easy and that's like
nothing
[Music]
in fact i might just um
i might just swap this out because
[Music]
we'll do that
i can make another bottled misfortune
that's better anyway
[Music]
welcome
whoa you really helped me out sophie
thanks you're welcome
just you wait you accursed weeds i'll
exterminate you all with this poison
tess you look really scary right now
tess the customers are watching oh crap
right
tess please be very careful when you use
that
yeah i'll be fine you said that with the
bomb
oh well i'm just going to sprinkle this
on the yard it's not like poison can
explode right
no it won't explode but what's wrong is
there something on your mind
i don't know if it's on my mind but i
have a bad feeling about this
how you worry too much sophie i'll be
fine just leave it all up to tess
okay i understand yep anyway
thanks again sophie will she really be
okay
[Music]
yeah let's go
you're an unusual spot
[Music]
so are you up there or no
i should be talking to people
[Music]
let's check inside the bookstore
oh they are talking
learn more about monsters
[Music]
okay well that was convenient
hello sophie mr giulio are you looking
for something
yes i'm checking the types of books
circulating in this area to the types of
books
different nations and regions have books
with different contents
bookstores reveal the traits of an area
um is that so that's very interesting
i've never seen another bookstore
bookstores in the big city are very
large they contain an abundance of
different books as a result
that makes sense but it's rare to see
such an abundant variety of books in a
bookstore out in the countryside
thank you i'm interested in how they
differ
let's see the academic books are fairly
similar wherever you go but the
cookbooks are quite different
cooking the ingredients you can require
differ from place to place
tastes also vary between regions i see
oh i seem to have stayed for too long
i'll return again
[Music]
yes i look forward to your next visit
sir giulio isn't just training as a
knight he's also studying
sounds like hard work it does
he seems to read quite a lot of books
i don't really like studying
but you're studying alchemy alchemy
doesn't feel like studying i don't mind
reading those books
i see
[Music]
so they're back in place
let's go ahead and make that magician's
flute
[Music]
okay what should i make since i can't
what do i need i need spruce and angel's
whisper
[Music]
let's see
spruce should i use
and we'll do
i don't think it matters much for the
rest oh
[Music]
maybe one of these 24 ones we'll do that
one
and
[Music]
is this really okay yeah that's fine
cauldron is best
[Music]
okay then okay so what we'll do
start out with that
and maybe
that's right
there this is going well
oh no hang on
we will do that
[Music]
[Applause]
and that one there is this really okay
okay it's time to finish what traits
should i add
that makes uh makes getting those uh
higher level things really easy if i can
manage to stack colors
[Music]
let's see pro perfection
and maybe destruction up
how's this yeah
this is all done
[Music]
and what else did that mean
oh yeah needed um
i needed to make another one of these
which material should i choose
these just a couple of the generic ones
and
and recovery up
and that now
let's see
if i sort this by category value
[Music]
yeah we'll do that one and
give me that one
okay i'll try it
all right this looks great
we'll put these ones like down here
something great will happen
all right this looks great and then we
will
put i feel like something great will
happen
[Applause]
who's there this looks kind of amazing
all right
this looks great
will this go well
[Applause]
actually let's do this
[Music]
we'll start off with
all right let's start off with that
great
wow this looks kind of amazing
let me put that there
[Music]
will this go well okay well i don't
think that really changed a lot
but sure whatever yeah
i should finish it it's good what traits
should i transfer
so maybe big recovery
[Music]
recovery up
and purifying water
all right it's done and that's probably
better than the other one that we have
so i should go into here
swap that out
[Music]
and now we go and make
this materials to use
[Music]
[Applause]
attempted to register that spruce that
ended up pretty good
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so we'll do maybe that
[Music]
quality up
the stable effect and
let's see
what can be put here
critical plus should be good which
coating should i use
okay let's start
[Music]
oh this this is good
this isn't bad yeah
this looks good and let's see
[Music]
that's what happens
[Applause]
oh this this is good and
there this looks good
[Music]
and there all right i'll finish it now
now let's race the train use count
uh increases
let's see what does yeah i can't see
what it does until i finish
uh stable effect may be good
[Music]
i think i may do pro-perfection because
that really
is this okay yeah we'll do that
okay it's finished level up
got a little out of it i have the
magician's flute now
i'm gonna go register that if i can
no but looks like
can talk to someone oh emoji
sophie it's pretty unusual to meet you
here is it
so are you here to drink alcohol no not
really
i don't drink much and i don't really
care for the taste
i see i drink it once in a while with
customers on business but not because i
like it
oh so i guess not everyone thinks it
tastes good
of course not everyone's different
sophie are you talking about alcohol
again
yes i am do you think alcohol tastes
good why yes i do
however alcohol isn't all about the
flavor
what else is there let's see in my case
it makes me feel happy and it's soothing
huh soothing huh
that's true i've never seen you get
angry when you drink or even get drunk
the owner of a bar can't lose when it
comes to alcohol after all
anyway please take your time
all right now did i have anything i can
turn in right now oh
um i want to eat bee hives
sure okay
whatever
[Music]
you can find somewhere those that pays
reasonably well
thank you
but what i need to do right now
so i need to rest until day
so i can register and then duplicate
that magician's flute
[Music]
so i can turn one in without leaving
that effort that i made
[Music]
uh we'll do it instead of that since i
have some of those and i don't really
need more than four probably hopefully
wait now we need to buy it
[Music]
that is expensive
it's about the cost i'm getting for it
isn't it which request
[Music]
yeah it's not making much profit but
i wonder if uh getting these
[Music]
yeah that's fine
are these not sorted by quality they're
not
[Music]
um let's see i guess that
seven of these really
um
[Music]
yeah that's fine you've
two rainbow puni fluid 1947 coal and
seven vouchers
cool i'm good with that
[Music]
and
velvetis can be synthesized
[Music]
new cloth what does it need
right now uh synthesis here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
rainbow puni fluid i need a better
source of that
and better source of gold steel web
anyway
right now i hope you enjoyed thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet sophie
my name is carsten
i think what we should do next is
investigate some of these other areas
that we haven't investigated yet
before we do that though
[Music]
i want to see if i can make
a better backpack what materials to use
i don't think any of these are actually
going to have any effect on anything
[Music]
so let's see
what we should do with quality quality
up
uh is we should go with
yellow type materials
do we have any yellow type materials
here
[Music]
yes we need two
golden pony balls any other yellow type
materials here
crystal balls
[Music]
so if i were to make crystal balls
what does it take to make this
pendulux cloth clay probably not worth
it
uh so let's go ahead and go what
materials to use
[Music]
with the golden pony balls
so i should fight some more golden
poonies but i can do that
in the long run this will be well worth
it
[Music]
yeah i know i should have some yellow
materials here
[Music]
now the question is those are shaped
like that
those are shaped like that
and these are pretty much all shaped the
same
okay
[Music]
i might do one of them
which cauldron should i use again we'll
use the fairy cauldron
[Music]
we're gonna start off
and probably there i guess
hmm
actually let's do that
and this is good
[Music]
yeah this looks good
and that looks good and that
[Music]
that will not get us up to 250.
how about this let's try
[Music]
doing this i'll use this here
yeah this looks good
oh this this is good
yeah this looks good will this
get us up to 250.
[Music]
that's up to 240.
so how about if we do this looks good
that followed by
[Music]
[Applause]
that
[Music]
and i guess
there
that's 236 that's even less
yeah good so if we start out with that
oh this this is good
this is good
yeah this looks good
[Music]
this is good maybe there
is this good oh that's 232.
which cauldron should i use so how about
if
we use one of those okay
let's start
[Music]
if we do that
this is good
[Applause]
yeah good
wait no yeah use that
yeah this looks good
and let's see
[Music]
is this good 246.
getting closer
hmm
which cauldron should i use i wonder
[Music]
if instead of one of those
if i went ahead and used that
no that's the same shape
so that wouldn't really help us
[Music]
and those are all the same
that might be good
what do we have as far as shapes here
there's that one
in fact i think let's see if we can pull
it off with that
okay let's start
that's what happens
so that turns all those to yellow now
what i need to do next is boost them
so
[Music]
maybe if we start with that
yeah this looks good and
[Applause]
that's
and
[Music]
hmm
i guess there
now let's see if i put that one
there
how about this
[Music]
oh this this is good
and there i don't think this is gonna
work out as well maybe if we put this
one there it's right here
yeah yeah
this looks good
is this good 240.
so close but not quite
i wonder if i were to just start out
with which caution should i use
instead of that let's go with one of
these
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start
[Music]
[Applause]
this isn't bad
let's see that gets me 13 if it's there
13 if it's there
yeah i think it's going to be 13
regardless of where i put it
this looks good
yeah good so we'll do
that i wonder does it do 13
even if it's not yeah so we may as well
put it something like that
[Music]
yeah this looks good
if we put this
it's 22.
[Music]
so these these ones it doesn't really
matter
yeah this looks good so it is best just
to use these to boost
up the other
[Music]
how about this
and if we do that this looks good
let's see if we start with that one
looks good
and we can do that
and this one here
[Music]
and we get 250 fits a whole lot okay
what traits should i add i don't think
any of this matters
i'm pretty sure none of this matters at
all
[Music]
how's this yeah this is all done
but that will let me
[Applause]
fits a lot increases capacity by 20.
fits a whole lot increases capacity by
40. so that will help out immensely
don't think we need any of the others
right now
so that should help
let's check the cafe
welcome which request will you accept
so defeat some more hell gates
where are we going next now let's see
where haven't we been we haven't been to
the dead tree wasteland
we haven't been to city of the lost so
let's stop by here
defeat some hill gates that are
presumably there
now let's actually check here
yeah it says there are some hell gates
there so let's go here
get that request out of the way
maybe they're only there at night
[Music]
it is a bit before noon looks like
so let's pass some time until it's night
[Music]
all right where to
huh
[Music]
okay now it's night
so hopefully there are some
of those hell gate guys here
[Music]
i'm gonna be quite disappointed if there
aren't because it says there
are
maybe they only show up after i
do some stuff
[Music]
so i don't want to bother fighting just
poonies
not just regular poonies anyway
so i noticed that gage did go up to two
now
the material seemed a bit better
so i guess that gauge does have
something to do with material quality or
something
and possibly enemy toughness
i guess we will fight some of these guys
oh they're ghosts out during the day
oh they're easy so
[Music]
here i go leave it to me
there
[Music]
don't think i even see any
see that i've taken any damage but as
far as the movement on the bar goes
let's see you are not what i need to
fight
okay we're gonna get this oh there's a
couple
guess there with the poonies
so let's use that on them
doing the ice bomb and some regular
attacks we should be able to take these
guys out without any problem
there here i
i'll go there
maintaining the offense
forbidden deal
defense down attack up well that's fine
[Music]
i broke a sweat there
okay well that's easy enough
[Music]
let's go on to that next area
where to
have i been to open ruins probably
[Music]
hmm
this looks kind of familiar have i been
here before
i don't like the look of some of these
[Music]
enemies
because those rainbow poonies weren't
they kind of tough
[Music]
where is that material that i see around
here somewhere
there it is
uh let me sneak by here
i guess i have to fight some things to
continue i'll try finding some of these
maybe get some of that rainbow puni
jelly
super poonie
i'll start with that
[Music]
reduce defense
yeah we'll start with that
[Music]
i can't stop now
i'll become your shield
maintaining the offense all right
let's see increases damage taken
reduces enemy attack power
and maybe inflict blind actually do you
have
[Music]
we'll throw another bomb on it from here
that did not do a lot of damage
there's luna this is really doing a lot
of damage which is quite annoying
this is a chance taste
the power of that we've broken them so
that should help a lot
all right let's uh
use another bomb
use another skyfall we'll do
two-hander and
yeah we'll do light edge again
[Music]
all right let's do it
i'll go first
[Music]
this is my
that was impressive looking i would have
liked more damage but we did finish it
off so i guess that's
what counts
so that was cool
[Music]
life bangle can be synthesized that
sounds fun
[Music]
yeah that's one of the really tough ones
um i'm gonna run
[Music]
oh where is that there we go
this quickly there's two of them now
i'm still gonna run
gather up just a few more materials here
and
[Music]
that is probably enough for now
here
[Music]
what's our destination how am i doing on
inventory space
got 16 slots left i will real quick
check open runes because i'm not 100
sure i went here
i probably did
[Music]
yeah this i think i have
i'll go ahead and grab the materials
here no reason not to
[Music]
although at least appear to be just some
berries
all right
let's head back
[Music]
[Applause]
life bangle that sounds interesting
okay wait hang on where is pocta
[Music]
where is plocta
huh elise oh sophie welcome home
sophie is it true that plocta turned
into a human
[Music]
um technically her body is a doll not
human
thanks to everyone i was able to obtain
a new vessel
so that's what happened but this is hard
to believe
a book turned into a doll are you
surprised
of course i am this is one case where
the truth is stranger than fiction
i don't even know how to explain my
thoughts on this alchemy really
is amazing i agree
i'm blocked this might be a rude
question but
may i ask i don't mind
did you dislike being a book
that's not really the case however now
that i've taken human form i can do much
more
i wanted to read books for one that
wasn't really possible as a book
that's true do you mind if i visit
do you mind if i visit your store one of
these days come anytime
customers who love books are always more
than welcome
that's great pluckta yes now i have
another thing to look forward to
and um you are
oh well by the time i get there you'll
be gone
okay well let's just grab this and then
head back to the outlayer
all right let's see what that
should i make wife bangle is
[Music]
oh it's the sun thing that i have i
don't have star powder
[Music]
i wonder if i can make that
now that i have a better cauldron
did i scroll past it nope there it is
which material should i choose okay well
we'll do that
[Music]
hmm might need to make some more of
those
[Music]
so right now it goes i'll use that
and that actually
let's do that
now do we have any white materials here
no that's frustrating
[Music]
this will start by quality
i guess probably that so it doesn't take
up a lot of space
though getting it up to 120 might be
nice but i'm not sure
what that's going to give us and if
it'll be worth it
[Music]
that one might be good
uh so we're going to have both white and
yellow so actually
[Applause]
the cauldron is red though hmm
i'll do that
[Applause]
will this go well
[Music]
so
we'll start out
[Music]
all right this looks great now what
we'll do
[Music]
wow this looks kind of amazing
that and then
actually let's see
[Music]
maybe
sure we'll see what it
finish guys does what traits should i
add
[Music]
all stat enhance and mp super enhanced
[Applause]
yeah this is all done
okay
[Music]
now let's see what does that give us
hp recovers each turn
increases attack defense and speed 20 of
base maximum hp
automatically revive on turn when ko'd
in battle hp after revival is decent
wow um
yeah let's give that
let's give that to plota
i don't think this is really
[Music]
yeah that's not really spectacular but
that is
that's really really spectacular
and consume less mp
and have more mp so
yeah that's uh
pretty awesome
[Music]
for right now though i think that will
be
it still have some more places to
explore
more things to build
but i will see you next time i hope you
still enjoy
thanks for watching
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
i believe what we need to do next is
explore
some of those new areas maybe find some
new materials
we also need to wait for some of the
stuff i put
in the duplication in quarry shop
to get duplicated i think oh and we
needed to make
a couple um
of those ribbon things so we can make
better monitor armor for monica and plot
what we will do right now though is just
head out to the world map let's do a bit
of fighting
and exploring and stuff
so let's see where have we not been
i don't believe we've been to dead tree
wasteland
at least it looks like we haven't
let's go here so we hit all the various
paths
[Music]
okay and then we'll go this way
what could that 10 call oh yeah that was
worth it
[Music]
well this is a
you